Actualize docs after connector removing (#232)
cossacklabs/product-docs: content/acra/security-controls/key-management/_index.md

  - Acra Master Key – the main key, typically stored in KMS / secure storage, and used to encrypt other keys;
  - storage keys for encrypting/masking/tokenizing the data. Each data field is encrypted by data encryption key (DEK) which is encrypted by `ClientID`-related storage key;

>   - keys for transport encryption: either TLS certificates or special transport encryption keys if [AcraConnector is used with Themis Secure Session](/acra/security-controls/transport-security/acra-connector/) (deprecated since 0.91.0);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - TLS certificates for transport encryption;
  - special keys for transport encryption if [AcraConnector is used with Themis Secure Session](/acra/security-controls/transport-security/acra-connector/) — deprecated since 0.91.0, use TLS instead;
```
